= mDCM - A DICOM library in C#

Copyright © 2006-2010 Colby Dillion, SL.* and WPF.* projects (c) 2011 Anders Gustafsson, Cureos AB, 
WP71.* project (c) 2011 Pantelis Georgiadis, Mobile Solutions

Licensed and distributable under the terms of the LGPL 2.1 license: http://opensource.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.php


== Summary

This is a Windows Phone 7.1 (Mango) focused fork of the Anders Gustafsson's port to Silverlight (https://github.com/cureos/mdcmmain) of the mdcm project (https://github.com/rcd/mdcm).

=== Windows Phone 7.1

Project WP71.Dicom provides a Windows Phone 7.1 port of the Dicom class libraries. Changes are summarized in:

* adoption of Anders Gustafsson's Silverlight changes to Dicom class libraries
* introduction of the CGetClient class, a fully functional C-GET SCU class. Currently, Windows Phone 7.1 platform does not provide a way for the device to act as a socket server therefore is unable to play the role of a C-STORE SCP. The only way to tranfer images to the device is through a C-GET SCU operation.
* introduction of a Silverlight-based RenderImage method for the CompositeGraphic class employing the WriteableBitmapBlitExtensions class (WriteableBitmapEx - Silverlight WriteableBitmap extensions, Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Bill Reiss, Rene Schulte and WriteableBitmapEx Contributors) 
* exclusion of File.* methods
* additional exclusion of serialization functionality
* exclusion of DatabaseQueryTransformRule class
* exclusion of HL7v2Server class since TcpListener class is not supported
* exclusion of the unsupported SocketAsyncEventArgs.SocketClientAccessPolicyProtocol property
* exclusion of the Jpeg codec projects

=== Silverlight ((c) 2011 Anders Gustafsson, Cureos AB)

The Silverlight class library, project SL.Dicom, provides a stripped Silverlight version of the Dicom + Dicom.Linq class libraries. A number of shortcuts are currently taken to yield a successful build of the SL.Dicom library, including but not limited to:

* exclusion of server based HL7 and Network functionality
* only RLE codec supported
* encoding support limited to UTF-8 (Silverlight does not support ASCII encoding; UTF-8 should be compatible with ASCII)
* serialization functionality is disabled
* file operations are limited to the isolated storage

SL.DicomToXml is a simple proof-of-concept that the SL.Dicom library can provide DICOM functionality in a Silverlight application. It simply reads the user selected DICOM file and dumps the content excluding pixel data in XML or raw format on the web page.

=== WPF ((c) 2011 Anders Gustafsson, Cureos AB)

The WPF class library, project WPF.Dicom, provides imaging support using WPF. Apart from this, the WPF.Dicom project provides all functionality of the original Dicom and Dicom.Linq projects combined. Note that the Dicom.Codec and Dicom.Codec64 projects have been modified to reference Wpf.Dicom, to enable full coded support from the WPF mdcm class library.


== Links

* Main project Wiki https://github.com/rcd/mdcm/wiki
* Google Groups page http://groups.google.com/group/mdcm
